### Introduction
If you asked me to name the greatest game ever invented by humankind, I would answer with Sudoku.

If you are playing it for the very first time, at first glance it looks like nothing more than an unfinished grid with a few random numbers floating in the air. Looking at it a little more carefully, you discover the limited numbers you are allowed to play with – you might wish for a 24 or a 67, but you sigh, accepting the bounds of 1 to 9. Hesitantly, you make the bold move of placing your very first number in a box, perhaps a calculated decision in the direction of a closest to an easy set, or out of simple impulse. If it fits, you go ahead and fill a couple more places; if not, you pause and rethink before making the next move. Sometimes you end up changing the number you entered with the utmost certainty, and sometimes, the number you thought may have been incorrect ends up bringing the whole piece together. With each entry, a pattern slowly emerges, and the rest of the numbers fall into place, the puzzle thus completing itself.

The first bold move I made in my own puzzle of life was in the summer of 2020.

After being enrolled in a pre-medical program in my O Levels, transitioning to pre-engineering subjects in my A Levels, and attained straight A*s in both - I had the educational background that virtually guaranteed a seat in biomedical-engineering universities like I intended to, when the pandemic struck. Universities throughout the country kept pushing their entry tests forward indefinitely, while some ceased admission cycles for the term altogether. Determined not to let uncertainty disrupt my trajectory, when I received an offer from the Institute of Business Administration for its Bachelor's in Computer Science program solely on the basis of academic merit, I immediately accepted.

Before IBA, I only knew computer-science as the additional subject I had taken in my O Levels. At IBA, my Introduction-to-Programming course took me back to Grade 6 where I accidentally found the inspect-element option on websites which led to training in web development through Codecademy. Having taken computer-science as an additional subject in my O Levels, I quickly grasped concepts, excelling in courses that others found challenging. Yet, something was missing. I had made peace with leaving biomedical engineering behind, but I had not abandoned my desire to work in healthcare and technology. 

It was only in my fourth semester at IBA, in my Theory of Automata course with Dr. Jibran Rashid, where I truly found a defining moment. The idea that every real-world situation can be formulated as a computational problem mapped as an input for an algorithm, and solved by machine that only knows how to go left, right, start and stop, was mind-blowing.